THIS AMONG AND WE BEGIN THIS
HALF ALEXANDRIA CORTEZ BLASTING
CAPITALISM THIS WEEKEND AND
CONGRESSWOMAN ON SOUTHWEST IN
SOUTHWEST IN AUSTIN, TEXAS.
>> CAPITALISM ISN'T TO ME IS AN
IDEOLOGY OF CAPITAL IT MEANS
THAT WE SEEK AND PRIORITIZE
PRORT AND ACCUMULATION OF MONEY
ABOVE ALL ELSE AND WE SEEK IT AT
ANY HUMAN AND ENVIRONMENTALS
COST AND TO ME THAT IDEOLOGY IS
NOT SUSTAINABLE AND CANNOT BE
REDEEMED.
>> AOC ALSO SAID THAT FDR NEW
DEAL RACIST IS MODERATE IS NOT A
STANCE, JOINING US IS JASON
NICHOLS THANKS SO MUCH FOR
JOINING US EXCUSE ME DO YOU
AGREE WITH ALC?
>> I THINK IT IS MUCH MORE
COMPLICATED THAN THE WAY SHE
STATED IT.
I THINK THAT CAPITALISM AND
ELEMENT OF SOCIALISM CAN
ACTUALLY COEXIST AND I THINK
THAT'SES ONE OF THE THINGS THAT
PEOPLE AREN'T TALKING ABOUT.
WE HAVE ALMOSTS OF SOCIALISM IN
OUR SOCIETY RIGHT NOW FROM
SOCIAL SECURITY TO MEDICARE, AND
THESE ARE SOCIALIST PROGRAMS
THAT EXIST WITHIN A CAPITALIST
FRAMEWORK SO PING --
THAT HER --
STATEMENT ABOUT FDR AS WELL
ALTHOUGH THERE WERE NEW DEALS
THAT DIDN'T WORK OUT WELL HE
ESTABLISHED WHAT WAS CALLED
BLACK CABINET THAT HAD MARY
McCLOUD --
WHO WAS A REALLY IMPORTANT
FIGURE IN AFRICAN-AMERICAN
HISTORY SO I THINK --
SHE NEEDS TO ACTUALLY DO A
LITTLE BIT OF STUDY, A LITTLE
BIT AND TAMPER IT DOWN JUST A
BIT.
SM YOU KNOW IT SEEMS LIKE THIS
IS ONE OF THE MAJOR ISSUES FOR
THE 2020 ELECTION.
SOCIALISM ISSUES VERSUS
CAPITALISM AND YOU CAN'T REALLY
TIPTOE AROUND WHAT SHE'S SAYING
SHE'S SAYING IT CAN'T BE
REDEEMED SO SHE MIGHT BE
CONFUSING CERTAINS BUT BLASTING
CAPITALISM AND WE HAVE A
CAPITALIST SOCIETY NOT A
SOCIALIST SOCIETY SO --
I MEAN YOU SAY SHE NEEDS TO
STUDY UP BUT WHAT ARE HER
COLLEAGUES GOING TO DO WHO HAVE
ALSO ENDORSED MANY OF HER
PLANS --
GOING INTO 2020 UP AGAINST
PRESIDENT TRUMP WHO WAS,
OBVIOUSLY, A CAPITALIST?
>> YEAH.
I MEAN, I THINK THAT SOME OF
HERREN PLAYS ARE NOT HE ISLY BAD
THERE'S SOME THAT HAD,
OBVIOUSLY, NEEDS SOME WORK I
THINK SHE WOULD AGREE WITH THAT
I THINK THE GREEN NEW DEAL FOR
EXAMPLE WITH SOMETHING THAT WAS
PUT OUT THERE.
BUT OBVIOUSLY NEEDS A WHOLE LOT
OF TWEAKING.
I DO THINK AGAIN, THAT NORDIC
MODEL IS SOCIAL DEMOCRACY THAT'S
DIFFERENT THAN DEMOCRATIC
SOCIALISM THAT'S WHAT THEY DON'T
HAVE AN UNDERSTANDING OF THE
TERM THEY'RE USING BUT AGAIN
HAVING MEDICARE, HAVING HEALTH
CARE FOR PEOPLE HAVE A CLEAN
ENVIRONMENT, THOSE CAN EXIST
WITHIN A CAPITALIST FRAMEWORK
AND WE DOAPGHT HAVE TO SCARED OF
SOCIALISM.
>> SPES SHE HAS SPECIFIC PLANS
THIS IS FOR MEDICARE FOR ALL AND
INSURANCE INDUSTRY GREEN DEAL,
YOU KNOW   4 TRILLION DOLLARS
THIS IS A SPECIFIC PLAN NOT JUST
OH WE CAN HAVE SOME PARTS OF
THIS.
YOU KNOW, SO ALL SOCIALIST
PROGRAMS LEE CARTER.
>> I THINK YOU KNOW, ONE OF THE
THINGS THAT IS INTERESTING TO ME
ABOUT OCASIO-CORTEZ PEOPLE ARE
DISMISSIVE SAYING SHE NEEDS TO
READ UP XEPGHT UNDERBENEATH ALL
OF THIS THERE'S A MOVEMENT RIGHT
AND WE'RE SEEING --
POLLING BERNIE SANDERS IS UP
THERE WITH POLLING AND A UP
THERE WITH CORTEZ HER POLICIES
ARE CAPTURING THE HEARTS AND
MINDS OF A LOT OF YOUNG PEOPLE A
LOT OF VOTERS OUT THERE.
AND SO I DON'T THINK THAT WE CAN
JUST BE DISMISSIVE OF THEM SAY
SHE HAS TO READ UP OR THEY'RE
INCORRECT BUT I THINK WE HAVE TO
HAVE ALTERNATIVE AND STRATEGIES.
ALTERNATIVE IS TO BASICALLY
ENCORDIAL POSES IS FUEL
PRODUCTION IN THIS COUNTRY OF
NATURALS GAS, AND GASOLINE
BECAUSE YOU KNOW WHAT, IT IS
INEXPENSIVE THAT HELPS POOREST
OF THE POOR BY KEEPING COSTS LOW
AND CREATES LITERALLY MILLIONS
OF JOB MISS THIS COUNTRY AND
WITH NATURAL GAS IT IS REDUCED
EMISSIONS OUT OF POWER PLANTS IN
THIS COUNTRY.
SO THAT'S WHY WE FOCUS ON THIS
SPECIFIC --
WELL I THINK WHAT WE'VE SEEN --
>> YOU CAN'T JUST SAY THIS BROAD
STROKE AND YOU KNOW SHE HAS THE
RIGHT IDEA AND WE HAVE SOCIALISM
ALREADY.
THIS IS SPECIFIC PLANS THAT MAKE
NO SENSE.
BUT WHAT REALLY WHAT WE'RE
LOOKING AT IS BUMPER STICKER
POLITICS BY THE WAY THAT'S HOW A
LOT OF CANDIDATES WIN AND SO IF
YOU COME UP WITH TERM OF SOUND
GOOD MEDICARE FOR ALL THAT'S
LIKE ME I'LL BE ABLE TO GET THE
SAME INSURANCE THAT ANY
GRANDMOTHER HAS EVERYTHING IS
PAID FOR THAT SOUNDS FANTASTIC
WITHOUT IMPLICATION.
ALL YOU SAY IS MEDICARE FOR ALL
IS ABOLISHMENT OF ALL PRIVATE
INSURANCE IN THIS COUNTRY THAT'S
ALL OF THE PEOPLE NEED TO HEAR
WHO WERE GOING OUT TO VOTE.
MAYBE SOME OTHER CANDIDATE COMES
UP WITH A PLAN BUT BERNIE
SANDERS AND A THE PLAN THAT MOST
OF THESE DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATES
HAVE SIGNED ON TO IT DOES
ABOLISH PRIVATE INSURANCE IN
THIS COUNTRY ANDS THAT'S NOT
WHAT A MEDICARE IS.
NO IT'S NOT.
WHEN YOU HAVE THAT --
IT IS NOT.
IT DOESN'T POLL THAT WAY IT
POLLS 20 PERCENTAGE POINTS
ALMOST 20 PERCENTAGE POINTS LESS
WHEN YOU TELL PEOPLE IT GETS RID
OF PRIVATE INSURANCE.
>> IT DOESN'T GET RID OF PRIVATE
INSURANCE IT DOESN'T --
IT DOESN'T GET RID OF PRIVATE
INSURANCE MEDICARE FOR ALL CAN
COEXIST WITH PRIVATE INSURANCE
LOOK IF YOU WANT A NOSE JOB OR
COSMETIC --
THING, YOU CAN CERTAINLY GET YOU
USE YOUR PRIVATE INSURANCE PAY
YOUR PRIVATE INSURANCE TO GET
KINDS OF THINGS DONE.
MEDICARE FOR ALL AND PRIVATE
INSURANCE CAN COEXIST THIS KIND
OF DEAL SOMETHING THAT SHE'S
TALKING ABOUT.
>> YOU CAN KEEP YOUR DOCTOR
RIGHT.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
BUT I'VE READ THE BERNIE SLAM.
THIS IS A JOKE MAYBE THAT
SOMEBODY ELSE COMES ALONG WITH
ANOTHER PLAN.
BUT THE BERNIE SANDERS BILL THAT
KAMALA HARRIS ELIZABETH WARREN,
CORY BOOKER SIGNED ON TO IT DOES
MAKE PRIVATE INSURANCE ILLEGAL
IN THIS COUNTRY.
IF IT COMPETES WITH THE
GOVERNMENT PLAN IT SHALL AND
THAT IS CHAPTER AND VERSE, SO
THAT'S THE WAY IT STANDS NOW AND
BY THE WAY NO INSURANCE PAYS FOR
PLASTIC SURGERY TRUST ME ON THAT
YOU HAVE TO PAY OUT OF YOUR
POCKET.
[LAUGHTER]
>> JASON, I WANT TO ASK WHICH
WAY ARE DEMOCRATS GOING IN 2020
PRIMARIES ARE THEY GOING TO END
UP WITH SOMEONE VERY MUCH ON THE
LEFT OR ARE THEY GOING TO END UP
WITH A MODERATE LIKE JOE BIDEN
THAT'S YOUR PREDICTION?
>> I THINK WE END UP WITH
SOMEBODY WHO WAS ON LEFT WITH
STRONG IDEALS I THINK JOE BIDEN
IS GOING TO STRUGGLE ACTUALLY IF
YOU GET INTO THIS THING.
THEY SAY HE'S   5 A% IN I THINK
HE'S GOING TO STRUGGLE WITH
ISSUES THAT GO BACK TO THE
90s.
SO I THINK WE'RE GOING TO GO
WITH SOMEBODY ON LEFT.
>> YOU SAY RADICAL SOMEBODY WITH
ONE OF THE PLANS.
>> SOMEBODY WITH ONE OF THE